Create contributing.md (#10)
bebatut/galaxy_mentor_network: CONTRIBUTING.md

with some metadata (a.k.a. front-matter) found in YAML files. Everything is
stored on this GitHub repository.

To manage changes, we use
[GitHub flow](https://guides.github.com/introduction/flow/) based on Pull
Requests:

1. [Create a fork](https://help.github.com/articles/fork-a-repo/) of this repository on GitHub
2. Clone your fork of this repository to create a local copy on your computer
3. Create a new branch in your local copy for each significant change
4. Commit the changes in that branch
5. Push that branch to your fork on GitHub
6. Submit a pull request from that branch to the master repository
7. If you receive feedback, make changes in your local clone and push them to your branch on GitHub: the pull request will update automatically
8. Pull requests will be merged by the training team members after at least one other person has reviewed the Pull request and approved it.

## What can I do to help the project?

As we move forward with this project, you will find lists of [issues](https://github.com/bebatut/galaxy_mentor_network/issues) to fix and features to implement. Feel
free to work on them!

> **Note:** The texts in this file were copied from [Open Life Science](https://github.com/open-life-science/open-life-science.github.io/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md) but made a few changes to it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note:** The content of this file was highly inspired from the [Open Life Science `CONTRIBUTING.md` file](https://github.com/open-life-science/open-life-science.github.io/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md).
```
